5:11 PM

## Y'all fucking deranged social media poisoned shitasses

I WANT TO FUCKING RANT SO BAD about them calling me racist, this room is so fucking retarded like bro how the fuck is saying nigga is already racist? As if thats directed towards an actual person jesus fucking Christ, kill yourselves. 
The truth is, it isn't racist at all if its not directed towards a person, like hell if it was directed to a black person + discriminating them then that would already be racism, but did i direct it to a person? Hell nah. Theyre just offended because they think what they did was correct, in reality it doesnt even change anything. They're just straight up poisoned by social media, that's the whole story. I want to write an entire essay and presentation about this but i already gave my all fucks reserved for an actual fucks i need to give. 

## Provoking is a sign of losing

Once i engaged with their argument, i already knew i lost, the topic is just abhorrently pointless to be debated with in first place. None of it would actually make a difference if i stopped saying it. 

## Sucess is the great revenge

I want to prove to their faces that SAYING NIGGA ISNT RACIST, the only way to prove that is by becoming sucessful, yes. Sucess is the answer. I want to do things that actually matter and things that deserves to give a fuck with. By becoming sucessful i can prove to them that their a fucking losers who gives a fuck about things that never ever deserved to matter, they only create their own illusional problem and solving it themselves so they could call themselves unique, hell **I WILL GIVE A FUCK ABOUT THINGS THAT MATTER** i wont give a fuck about things that wont matter. I will be true and real.

## Personality model

I want to do something to keep myself alive and seethe in this room full of brainrotting idiots, i will research something about applying different personality. I call it **Personality Model** just like in AI where every model have different datasets that can provide different answers or way of answering.

I will work with it so to apply another Personality Model that fits to their taste.

#Ideas 

I want to focus in myself and keep improving.

6:40 PM

Tommorow's schedule program:

* 4:30AM Jog tommorow
* 6:00AM Do usual chores
* 1:00PM Do math/cgp assignment
* 3:00PM Research basic fraction operations
* 
