11:16 PM

I can't goddamn sleep, fucking aoaoaoejroekoskeoeoeoeoo fuck women, why cant she just go straight to the point. Its messing my head.
I don't need her nor I dont want her why the fuck am I affected,this doesn't make any sense. Fuck you ego if this is a doing of yours

Maybe it's indeed my ego, a whole me is extremely fuzzy just becauee a girl chickens out confessing to certain someone

Remember **In the end, it doesnt matter. It isn't you, it won't be you, and it will never be you. It isn't me. It won't be me, and it will never be me.** I'm just a horny 15 year old mentally ill, none of girls will ever like you. Just go on and move on. **you went to school to learn, not for this type of crap**. Go on Kristofer, free yourself from the hell you already made with your mind. Sleep properly, you still have a class to beat tomorrow. You still have a lot to learn, in the end you will get the last laugh. You will endure suffering till the end of race. 

What if she goes *like that* again? Opening up to others and just shitass loud as fuck.
Well if you've noticed, she just plainly doesn't care about you honestly. She just probably sees you as some nerdy ahhhhhhhh retard, she's just feeding your detective-like senses, your so good at picking up small things. Unfortunately you caught wrong signals. Take that as a lesson to refute from reading that kind of signal. It doesn't help you from the long run.

I've become obsessed again huh, what a joke. 

Now that I mentioned, this is strangely familiar with just how Stellar Paradigm plot goes, Shio assumed Dea likes her, but she was just being nice. Hell Samantha isn't even giving a fuck about me, I dont care.

I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE  DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE I DONT CARE

I'm just intimacy-deprived, please understand.
