
6:07 AM

I unintentionally sabotaged myself again. Fuck. 
I feel intense fear and guilt not writing for no reason. Its horrible. But maybe this fear is the one driving me to avoid writing again.

I need to remind myself somehow there's nothing to fear about writing anything.

I guess i need to write about this one, but few days ago, i noticed my sistser being more mean towards me. I brushed it off, until tommorow dinner after that, she confessed that something happened. She told me that her classmates was jokingly said 'did your brother had a theraphy yet?' During their discussion in mental illness.

It disgust me, its no wonder to me really why many filipinos are suffering from severe depression and anxiety, or people that are an outcasts and then be considered as some sort of a sore thumb, just like Carmela's case.
The lack of acknowledgement of mental illness is a severe problem in filipino culture. 

Often people think depression and anxiety is just merely an "acting". Just because you can't see the illness physically doesnt meant it doesnt exist. 
Its real

http://dreadytofatroptsdj6io7l3xptbet6onoyno2yv7jicoxknyazubrad.onion/post/d7215ca56aa2a1f8e35e

3:02 PM

[[https://music.youtube.com/watch?v=O04af3ifhiQ]]

At fucking last, i found the music that i've been looking for so so long. What a pleasant feeling to find something that i've been finding for months

6:24 PM
U7uu
My dopamine receptors are destroyed again.

8:24 PM

I'm in deep hell of depression again, i feel so shit, i feel like i can't interact with people right now
This mood swing has come too far, as expected from my broken dopamine receptors. I'm just going to allow myself to be depressed for now, in hopes getting maybe an idea.