
6:38 AM

I have accelerated my mental illness to worse way possible. This means psychological warfare now.

Last night i did it, many times, and now i have drinked coffee. I have signed the contract of yet another warfare, i have stepped myself into a trap, and waken up my enemies. 

I must **NOT** spend my time online at this point. It would mean defeat.

8:50 AM

Last night, mother and father had an argument, it was probably my first time to hear my mother said such words. It was chaotic, they were loud. But i don't really mind it that much. It was just my first time really.

It still lingers to my mind, why is mother playing martyr? She's been suffering for so long yet she still live with this terrible guy. 

Grandmother was correct, no doubt. I don't even understand how father is an terrible person on its own. As if he has his own level of hell.
I'm just wishing at some point he understands his own flaws. Why he's hated by many. The worse flaw he has is his inability to acknowledge his mistake and his ego, and the terrible words that come out from his mouth.

Anyways, lets put that aside. And focus on myself.
I am noticing the effects of less sleep and caffiene. Its somewhat interfering my ability to do basic tasks, as maladaptive daydreaming takes over to my logical processing, i need to fight it off.

It'll be amplified if i go on surf in internet, **SO I MUST WARN MYSELF NOT TO** in order to keep myself sane. And a reminder this is a psychological warfare. 

I need to clean my room.

3:29 PM

There's a thousand things i want to write and yet it ends up in the edge of my brain, either waiting to be found.

