
8:38 AM

this is the day, the day ive been waiting. somewhere in 1pm itll happen.

but i got an idea, that idea is to prove what was the roots of why it happened, this i need to carve down back to grade 9, its risky but its all i got. but if i cant find it then the only way i could solve this is to let them understand the situation. i know deep inside carmela already has forgiven me.

but if i have those proof of bullying, another rabbit hole would be opened. many people would included. henry, johanna, excel, and many others.

i need to do this. this is the only way, i need to sacrifice this time i have for sake of others. so the bullying will end, and possibly others that chen will affect.

i got nobody to ran off, i need to do this. by myself.

2:34 PM

what the actual hell, theyre going to imprison me? what the fuck man, what the hell..


man, i want to die.


what if i actually hang myself, this shit is just so fucked up, i cant comprehend this shit, its too much.........................................................................................................................................

i tried, no i entirely changed. i know the fact that my past doesnt define who i am. god what the hell.

i want to abandon everything i have, i dont want to live. i dont think i have a future, what the hell. 


after i get imprisoned, i will become, what? i dont know, christ.

my father told me not to tell anyone about the situation, but it was too late. i told the entiritiy of the classroom, god.

