5:54 AM

I feel like i finally found the antidote for all of my sorrow and problems. 
That is to keep track of my thoughts and write everything here. ||~~Akiyoshi-san~~||, i will be here again. I promise i will never ever leave you again.

6:19 AM
## Passing up the message

I like to think this journal as both a message and a memory capsule for my future self. But the way i write it seems to be irrelevant at this point. 

I **will** make this short message for myself.

Ideas are what kept me sane and happy back then. 

When had you become happy when you deluded yourself with unreal events? 
Was eating your delusion actually the way to cope? It isn't. 

7:29 AM
%% This entry was somehow corrupted, thank god i found file recovery option. 

 -- December 2 2023 8:34 PM
%%



7:43 AM

Really funny, i lost my journal for this day after my dickhead phone shut down without any warning. 

9:02 AM

I can feel an intense disatisfaction eating me again. I remember watching a Kursagest video and might redo watching it again. I forgot, but i will write what i have learned on that video

9:44 AM

honestly i still feel cringy about the Filipino roleplay. But it was an essential part of my life that made me change. I still havent wrote about it but i will backwrite it once i get enough pics for it.

10:00 AM

https://youtu.be/WPPPFqsECz0?si=nVp9dWw8VuPj0Fyl

hm, i forgot. Have i become so evil at these times all along? **Gratitude was always** the key to being happy, i forgot about that. It was what made me sane back those times. Being thankful that having those people were there for me. I forgot how to be thankful that i'm even here.

Lets not forget that i almost couldve not go to school anymore thanks to my moral conduct paper not given thanks to what i did. 

Its just a miracle that i could go to school. 
I'm so thankful that i could even go at school and socialize. 
I'm thankful that i still have friends. 

2:52 PM

Everytime i remember cringy things, i physically retract, i wonder whys that. It feels like ive been physically hurt and i make weird sounds.

5:00 PM

My daydream nightmare has been fueled fire down to my core.
I keep running away from it yet it chases me.

5:45 PM

I feel entirely shit, after my bad memory just comes to play and wrongly interpret it, it ruins me. I know its just the past but the impact is just insanely strong to me. 

6:13 PM

I finally found the reason why i feel shit today. The detrimental effects of skipping meals is affecting me so bad. Cold hands, heart palpitating, my vision warped. Holy shit this isnt normal anymore. Added having less sleep this is the recipe for disaster yet again. God Christ help.

6:46 PM

I have finally eaten, its insane how drastically my mood changed. I feel so refreshed as hell. 

Honestly, i lost my appetite yesterday after knowing my friends couldn't come to the fiesta we set on, i know its a selfish reason but i was really hoping that we could have some fun.

