
9:12 PM

I think i fully understood now, i think too much of things that doesn't matter at all. I give a fuck about things that are too small to be bothered on. And while its normal because this is a new school that i got into and the environment is entirely different, this anxiety has gone too long that it affects me heavily. Its already the time to take this seriously

## Meditation

Meditation has gone helped me so much in the past, it allowed me to be mentally present and do things that matters. I need to practice it again. I lost it so much to the point i'm living on a future that it never been happened yet.

## The core problem of anxiety

In surface, its overthinking. But down to core its living on a future that never happened yet. Being certain on one thing isn't always the case, it will definitely make you suffer for imagining a future that never happened yet. Anxiety causes stress. 

## The path of Kristofer's Hell

After i enter into bad state in Kristofer's Hell, it becomes immediate anxiety attacks happens. Thus reaching for unhealthy coping mechanism, gives temporary comfort and back to anxiety attack, its pretty much a loop that sends me down to deepest level of depression hell every time i do unhealthy coping.

So in visual nutshell

> Problem becomes relevant -> Start of Unhealthy coping -> Giving temporary comfort -> Anxiety attack -> Loops back to start

and there, thats how the bad state loops, and there during my bad state i become an overthinker and pretty much anxiety attacks happen every second to the point derealization happens. Derealization is extremely awful and it means i have gone way way down to Kristofer's Hell.

I wish i could explain this hell in simpler terms, but its just anxiety attack but in my own experience.

## What now?

I feel inner peace after solving an internal/mental conflict i had with my father, in my mind i was thinking he's still pissed on me, i tried so many many unhealthy things including lying in order to avoid him. But in the end i had to face my problem, because i knew to myself one day it will return to me, that by means, my grades. We were practicing for Filipino adaption of Romeo And Julliet. Hell yeah!

## For future self asking how to be not depressed and anxious: how?

Here's a rough quick-and-dirty guide on how to be not:
1. Don't overthink too much, doubt what to think and identify whether it affects you in whole
2. Solve your problem as fast as possible instead of delaying it, causing for your problems to stack higher during long run
3. Fear has two meaning, **F**orget **E**verything And **R**un or **F**ace **E**verything And **R**ise

I hope somehow this entry of journal will be useful to you my future self, till i write again!
