Day 3/19
7:31 AM

%%
Recognizing panic attacks
Identify the source
Is it from present?
%%

Damn, I think I drank too much caffeine this morning, panic attacks has been insane

4:57 PM

Gah, I lost myself in stream of distraction again. I was about to do my routine when I had the urge to update the laptop, well actually it was just my excuse to kill time and prevent my sisters to use the laptop (Finally practicing to be honest fr)

I need to be serious about taking discipline if I really wanted to change. Otherwise, I'll just suffer from my own actions, I've been there many times, I will ensure today, this will be the last time I will lose against these distractions. And become better.

6:50 PM

The project I have for today is singing and playing [Come Sweet Death](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hoKluzn07eQ) which is an ending song for End Of Evangelion, words isn't enough how much I love this song. The lyrics are just beyond like a suicide note. Personality I interpret it as some sort of message to people who I failed to meet their expectations, and thus a reminder that everything comes to nothing, and a reminder to myself that love everyone before its too late. 

Anyways, I think I'll make a variation of it, a cover perhaps. My goofy keyboard (or an organ) somehow can only register up to 3-5 keys depending on the notes/chord pressed, otherwise it makes this goofy *strumming*-like sound and it sounds really really terrible.

So, in my head I'm thinking that maybe I should remake how melody and chords played in sacrificial for avoiding the goofy strum sound. 

And yknow, consistency and discipline is just my problem at this point. Well discipline creates consistency, and so vice versa. 

9:04 PM

My goal is simple, to reduce my screentime and increase my productivity