6:25 AM - 10:49 AM
## A strange dream
Waking this morning felt empty, which was what I wanted. 
It quickly reminiscent to me what happened in my dream, there I was diagnosed with autism(???) And my family started to hate and laugh about me, my sister in particular treated me like a child and finally crossed the line beyond my comprehension.

I don't want that to happen in real life, it felt so real, I don't want to feel the agony of them hating me. 
But ofcourse, that was just a dream. Dreams are just a reflection of what happened the day previously before you slept. Maybe because my sister talked to me that felt like slightly harsh words reflected to my subconsciousness what would it look like.
It was just a dream, yeah.

## Goal and Benifits

I finally found my goal, and I finally realized why I can't stick with a goal.

Yes I can execute things, yes I already know to *enjoy the process and forget the end goal*.
But that's slightly the problem. *I forgot what's the benefit/reward a task can give me*. I entirely removed on my system the rewarding system. That's the wrong thing I did. And now my rewarding system is wrong, when I can take advantage of it instead.

Take for example, writing this journal. The Goal is to finish writing this journal. What's the Benefit?

From Google searches here they are:
* Enchances Creativity
* Improved Writing
* Provides Mental Clarity
*And many more!!!*

Tldr: **Don't forget about the benifits, surely it outweighs the suffering you had doing a task**

From now on, when I do I task I MUST write the benefits of a task, so such my rewarding system will be satisfied. 

## Plan A, Plan B, Plan C

Its time to write my long term goals.

### Plan A
I wanted this for so long ever since I was a child, to be a YouTuber. or to be popular to be exact. I don't want to be  because of my ego but it seems like it would be much faster to sell any products or contents, the popular. The more your growth accelerates.

### Plan B
This isn't exactly an alternate but rather just a "baseline" of all my plans. Of course Plan A wouldn't work in most cases since its my dream, and I want to fulfill it. Plan B is merely a failsafe or a trampoline that catches me when I fall. That is studying. I need to be better at my studies.

Since far as my plans go, if I succesfully achieve Plan A then I won't go to college anymore and add expenses to my parents. That way I can support my sisters financially and I won't be a burden anymore. 
But as I said before, Plan A is just a dream I want to fulfill, but I need to do Plan B to be safe.

### Plan C (What if all fails?)
This is somewhat uncomfortable to talk with this. I don't know what to do really if all fails. I don't have a plan C, I can't tell anything.
But I will try my best to avoid failing both Plan A and Plan B