
7:24 AM

i finally found a reason or meaning in my meaningless life. Taking revenge towards my father.

Every ounce in my cell my hatred is fueled when i see his face. This hatred has been up since i was a child.
My grandmother who raised me, i vividly still remember her own hatred towards my father. She tore all pictures of him in our wall, it was pity to see, she was drunk, it was the first and last time i saw her crying. Never once before in my life saw her that way.
Today, i am a mere instrument towards a great revenge to my father.
Today, they see me nothing but a failure. Even though i've been trying my best to become the best i could. Guess that wont be my motive now.

My mere motive now is to take revenge, by externally becoming a good person, by doing good in academics, by erasing their expected person in their head, becoming unpredictable. I will slap in their face the reality. That's revenge.

1:20 PM

Currently we're picking for shuffled papers for Christmas party, kinda scared what ot who would pick up, wishlist exist for this papers and I swear to god if theyre asking for something expensive i might die.

Nonetheless we also had shuffled papers for our own circle of friends. And i picked out Bezamae, which i dont know what she really like.

7:20 PM
I must face ir really, i have no choice. But hell when did i didnt face a problem? This problem is so small its just a dent, it isnt unique. It just i need to face her directly.

For context, Angel Hope Francisco Gumate, she's somewhat became my fling back in elementary days. Now that i have her name and wishlist, i don't really know what to gift her. I can't even remember if 

