
7:36 PM

I have a horrible sleep, worser than few days. I never wanted to do it, but why? I need to tell myself i dont need to do it, in fact i have no advantages doing it. Reading EasyPeasy helps but somehow i still relapse, i need to reread the entire book again till it solidifies my brain, and become happier than ever i had in my life. 

Yesterday rainy afternoon, i was waiting for my father to come for me, i was just wandering on my head. Suddenly, there was a kid that approached and talked to me out from randomness, he ask "What's your grade?" i replied "Guess it. lol". afterwards our conversation went on sail, we talked many things ranging from school to pretty much internet things, he's clearly an Ipad kid but hey, that kid has a potential really. Can't still believe though he mistook me as an 6th grader though (damned this height really.)

I must say, it feels so refreshing once again to be somewhat a kid, to have conversation with a kid, such an naiveness is what brings me back. Maybe pandemic has really hit me hard, after lacking an connection on those times, but i was still an ignorant child, being hit by harsh reality in an instant without any barrier was something i never imagined. Today i built quite a defense and knowledge, but on emotional defense i'm still weaker than a normal person. I never receieved such love from my grandmother again. I feel so vunerable yet, it is what it is really. i need to face it. Running away would cause futher problems.

What do i want? To be better at my grades. Somehow my social skills has become much awful and awful these days. But i guess thats an exchange for insane focus i needed for my activities. Maybe i finally let go of my shitty values of lying and manipulating and thus, i became a much boring person. I think lying less really contributed on my shitty social skills. Rather than stacking up lies its morally better to be silent. Yeah..

Today, focusing on my grades, and sleep. Yeah i need to sleep now.