7:37 AM
One thing that I'm doing wrong when writing this journal is I don't write my mistakes, which is crucial for figuring out my problems and eventually solving it.

This is the major reason why I make slow progress. And possibly why I come back to Kristofer's Hell

3:53 PM

Myself is my greatest enemy indeed, I have distracted myself too much. A moments of weakness always gets me. I need to learn how to fight these moments of weaknesses. Exams are tommorow, and I have just an hour left. 

Here are the things I need to study about

ESP - Makataong kilos (although sir mentioned that the exams will be merely situational based??)

Science - Lenses/Mirror Calculation, the formula and stuff

Math: Circle equation, conversion between standard form to general form.

I seriously need to take things seriously if I want to be honor this year.

4:15 PM

Operating with fear is such an inefficient working state, it triggers my anxiety and lead to unforeseeable consequences. I need to change how things go when I work.

So I have an idea, daily/weekly evaluation. This way I need to write all good and bad things I did, thus allows me to figure out what's right and wrong and go work with it. Arming myself with knowledge and right mental set I can be efficient at working.

I'll do an evaluation right after I'm finished.

7:26 PM

I did it yet again. I distracted to me to oblivion, got too sidetracked from making vanilla cursors.

Getting mad to myself wont help at all, i'll just make this as a lesson, a moment of vunerability still gets me.

also.. the megasync seems not to be functioning at all, fixing that next week #todo