
6:08 PM

I almost got caught with depression and Kristofer's Hell again, it has truly proven that doing nothing, isolating myself in bedroom will cause forwithdrawal fangs of masturbation to happen. Thank God i became aware of it and then remembered all of my knowledge, my goals, my pains. It was great to have a sense of clarity again.

Since doing nothing makes me withdraw back to masturbation, i had a (self-proclaimed) clever idea, not just this helps me avoid masturbation but also fall asleep faster and also have decent sleep. That is **Memorizing the multiplication table**. Hell yeah! 

I remember when i avoided memorizing multiplication table like a plague back in my elementary days, and relied on luck hoping teachers would forget the memorization to happen.

This has several benifits to me including what i have mentioned from above:

* Helps me for future STEM Strand on senior high
* Familiarize myself with how to memorize, and reuse that knowlegde i have to optimize memorizing faster.
* Will be definitely be a better at math.

I honestly think that [Performing Babang Luksa](Journal/2024/01-January/(18)#We.. Somehow pulled it off.) somehow changed my view of things, and ofcourse it was a small turning point of my life. Despite the dismerits our teacher mention (and it was quite painful), i'm going to use those as a lesson. 

The memorization was painful, i was a keen believer of "I suck at memorizing", but hell i memorize 7 stanzas at just 3 days! It was that dismerit my teacher mentioned but aight. It'll be my core reason why i need to optimize my memorizing. But seeing myself able to memorize at just those days, it wont be impossible to even memorize (any/some)thing in just a day. 

Now, once i memorize the multiplication table, assumably i have the enough knowledge how to memorize better, and that is where learning japanese comes to play.

So, few things i have in mind to probably learn japanese:

#todo
Reading:
* Read some japanese children books meant for kindergarten or first graders
* Read poems or haiku
* Novel reading (definitely diffcult)

Writing:
* Print papers with writing guides just like in for first graders (hirigana/??)

Listening:
* watching japanese dramas without subtitles (lol) or idk
* listen to japanese music, try to comprehend whats the meaning of each work

Speaking:

it would be cool if i was still in San Andres and that japanese girl in school, she'd be cool to practice with.

that's all i can write for today