
6:04 AM

## The dream
I had that dream again, going to my old classroom, seeing my friends doing their things, and greeting me. I asked "something feels off" and they also agreed something feels off. 

I was in the wrong classroom, and wrong school.

I was expelled in that school afterall. But it seems like they don't know, but they agreed that why I was there. I was almost late so I had to go, as usual they said goodbye, they were a good friends as always. I've always missed them. I feel depressed as why must the classmates that truly cared about me must go away. I was the one who went away, it was my fault anyways, or perhaps the fault of my past. Curse you.

## The anxiety

I woke up with anxiety lingering in my mind, how much I realized how much time I wasted doing nothing. I wasted too much being depressed and anxious, now that I have realized that I have become more depressed and anxious too. I'm scared.. I'm scared going to school now. I'm scared facing people. This feeling is exactly the same back in Grade 9. It feels so terrible. It feels crap as fuck. I'm mentally dying. At those time atlease, I had xxxxxxx, but I feel terrible for abusing her. All I wanted was to protect her, turns out I was the one who's terrible after all. I want to die.

## The happiness that was taken and suppressed from me

I always ask myself, why? Why me? Why for so many things you could take away from me, why my classmates? They were the only once that I could trust even when this household is shit. 
And now this house is getting Whittier and shitter. It feels like crap living here.

## The final decision and commitment.

I have finally decided, to change, once in for all.I will fill my heart with endless void. This is cringe in future because I know. But this needs to happen. I need to take off all my social media and drown myself in work, all I want is work. I desire nothing but to increase my grades, I desire to cut people off. And play a fake persona, to put strings in that persona instead of wearing it. And controlling it with my void heart. I am nothing. I want to stop giving a fuck about everything, I will remove the thought in my head to be extraordinary. I am not extraordinary and I don't need to be extraordinary. All my actions are briefly considered. **Thoughts about future are worthless, embracing past is a cowardness**. Do what is important in the present. 

I will:
- Stop giving a fuck about relationship
- Stop thinking about the past and future
- Stop deluding myself in idea of being extraordinary
- Doing important work in present
- Be mindful in my decisions
- play along with others while using a fake persona. 