5:57 Am

I can't live with this mental toll I've having today, I just keep sabotaging myself for no reason, I want to die so bad.

1:12 PM

%%
A walk with an angel
Mental dissonance
New face
%%

## A walk with an Angel

Today noon, I somehow managed to walk home with an angel. Well maybe I should stop calling her an angel, its plain obsession. Shanie perhaps, I was outside the time I encountered Mikaella, a classmate of mine back in G6, and now her classmate. She pointed out Shanie which was in hallway, telling me to follow her. Which I did, to my surprise she didn't recognize me at all. Maybe because of my stupid haircut I have today. We had a casual talk whilest walking to the gate, and then we rode the same tricycle. 

## Mental Dissonance

I knew something was wrong, really wrong. Its gnawing back at my head. She doesn't like me, never was probably. I know what I did was wrong, I was feeding my negative traits. It was wrong, all wrong. 

I know. I am forgetting and ignoring the feelings I had for all of them. It wasn't love, it was lust. None of them was the truth. There was no love involved. Only lust, today I am just trying to be a friend just like before. I never or don't want to have an intimate relationship with them. Or anyone. I'm tired, I'm tired trying to get someone to love me. Its time for me to love myself. To embrace and take care of myself. To be a better person. To be disciplined. To become who I wanted to be. To surpass everyone's expectation. To see the world.

## New face

I've decided. I'm going to archive the account I stole from Alicia. I feel like it has done enough keeping me insane. I have lost my mind.
The password is here in case I lost it. **ONLY UNLOCK ACCOUNT IF REALLY NEEDED!!**


> [!exclamation]- Password
>  `oH1DCcnF/UXuad6aE+osxg==`



